












Customer-centric sales leader with more than 20 years' success achieving and exceeding software sales 
revenue and goals. Expertise building field sales pipelines, developing business sales from product 
development and sourcing to delivery. A perceptive, influential leader with acute business acumen and 
expertise in building and leading high-performance teams to stimulate transformational change, innovation, 
and value creation. Articulate communicator, adept at cultivating excellent long-term relationships with clients, 
maintaining ongoing interactions and facilitating solutions to address concerns. Technology proficiency: 
SalesForce, SalesLogix, RingCentral, GoToMeeting, Zoom, Connect & Sell, Oracle Apps, Intelligent Video 
Surveillance (IVS) Video Analytics, SAP. 

EXPERIENCE 
June 2019 - April 2020 
Business Development Manager - Sales Development Specialist, Nyotron, Santa Clara 

● Achieved and surpassed meeting based quota Q3 2019 – Q1 2020 
● Collaborate with assigned Director of Sales to develop go-to-market strategy and build the sales 

pipeline 
● Communicate with prospects via cold calls, emails & LinkedIn to develop an interest in Nyotron 

software 
● Conduct administrative duties within Salesforce.com 
● Instill best practices of Cybersecurity and how to effectively communicate with C-level 

Executives to identify new and emerging business. To build effective relationships with potential 
clients and existing customers, by use of appropriate questioning. 

February 2019 - May 2019 
Sales Development Specialist, View / Dynamic Glass Milpitas. CA  

● Thoroughly qualify project leads, and command distribution and transition of opportunities to 
field sales reps. 

●  Identify new and renewal opportunities within the current account base and qualified leads. 
● Collaborate with the marketing team for the optimization and execution of lead generation 

campaigns with sales. 
● Educate prospects in understanding View technology and solutions as well as where it aligns 

with their projects. 
.  

January 2011 to October 2018 
Inside Sales Manager, HID Global (previously Quantum Secure) • San Jose. CA 

Managed day-to-day sales operations as the first hire for inside sales. Built quality relationships 
with key accounts. Experienced on techniques to qualify, handle objections, identify pain/gain, 
and develop a sense of urgency to solve customer challenges. Spearheaded lead generation 
and business development, designing and developing lead forms, questionnaires, and email 
templates and tracking results using Excel spreadsheets. 
 
 
 
 
 



Key Accomplishments: 
● Built and managed sales pipeline, holding periodic pipeline reviews to qualify leads and 

ensure product matches to prospect security challenges. 
● Managed key sales accounts, serving as primary customer contact and supporting 10 

directors of sales in North America. 
● Sourced and developed accounts, growing pipeline revenue to $9 m from 2013 to 

2018. 
● Drove sales growth by facilitating the end-to-end sales process and suggesting and 

implementing improvements as needed. 
Key Account Wins: 
Canadian Natural Resources, Massport Boston, Dallas Love Field Airport, Intermountain 
Healthcare, Rush University Medical Center, Memphis Light & Gas, UL, Tyler Perry 
Studios. Stornoway Diamonds Corporation, Atrium Health, formerly Carolinas 
HealthCare System 

 2006 to 2010 
Corporate Sales Representative Autonomy - Interwoven, Inc. San Jose. CA  

Sold enterprise information management solution to corporate buyers, earning “Salesperson of 
the Year” award in 2008. Achieved President’s Club status in 2007 and 2008. 

● Consistently exceeded corporate sales and lead generation goals, achieving 173% of 
sales lead generation quota (36 per quarter) from Q1 2006 to Q3 2010. 

● Built and maintained relationships with customers, influence long-term strategic 
direction, acting as trusted advisor; results equaled $2.5m in pipeline growth. 

● Teamed with two outside account executives to cold call and qualify new business 
opportunities. 
Key Accounts:​ Michelin, Wyndam International Resorts, Delta, Southwest Airlines, 
Lowe's, Humana 

 
Additional Experience 
Google Corporation, Contractor/Recruiter & Candidate Developer, Mountain View, CA 
Recruited and mentored new-hire software engineers; generated 60-75 outbound recruiting calls per 
day. 

 
EDUCATION 

Bachelor of Arts, Broadcasting Communication, California State University, Chico, CA 
Associate of Arts, Telecommunications, Butte Community College, Oroville, CA  

 
TRAINING AND DEVELOPMENT 

● Value Selling - Visualize Inc. 
● “How to Work with People” seminar, Professional Business Writing 
● Profession Telephone Skills Seminar 
● Sandler Sales Institute Training 

 
SKILLS 

● Sales Strategies 
● Key Account Development 
● Enterprise Software 
● Business Development 

● Lead Generation 
● Website Optimization 
● Social Media Marketing 
● Team Development 

 
 


