

EXPERIENCE 

Business Development Manager - Sales Development Specialist, Nyotron, Santa Clara 

● Achieved and surpassed meeting based quota Q3 2019 – Q1 2020 
● Collaborate with assigned Director of Sales to develop go-to-market strategy and build the sales 

pipeline 
● Communicate with prospects via cold calls, emails & LinkedIn to develop an interest in Nyotron 

software 
● Conduct administrative duties within Salesforce.com 
● Instill best practices of Cybersecurity and how to effectively communicate with C-level 

Executives to identify new and emerging business. To build effective relationships with potential 
clients and existing customers, by use of appropriate questioning. 


Sales Development Specialist, View / Dynamic Glass Milpitas. CA  

● Thoroughly qualify project leads, and command distribution and transition of opportunities to 
field sales reps. 

●  Identify new and renewal opportunities within the current account base and qualified leads. 
● Collaborate with the marketing team for the optimization and execution of lead generation 

campaigns with sales. 
● Educate prospects in understanding View technology and solutions as well as where it aligns 

with their projects. 


Managed day-to-day sales operations as the first hire for inside sales. Built quality relationships 
with key accounts. Experienced on techniques to qualify, handle objections, identify pain/gain, 
and develop a sense of urgency to solve customer challenges. Spearheaded lead generation 
and business development, designing and developing lead forms, questionnaires, and email 
templates and tracking results using Excel spreadsheets. 


Key Accomplishments: 
● Built and managed sales pipeline, holding periodic pipeline reviews to qualify leads and 

ensure product matches to prospect security challenges. 
● Managed key sales accounts, serving as primary customer contact and supporting 10 

directors of sales in North America. 
● Sourced and developed accounts, growing pipeline revenue to $9 m from 
● Drove sales growth by facilitating the end-to-end sales process and suggesting and 

implementing improvements as needed. 
Key Account Wins: 
Canadian Natural Resources, Massport Boston, Dallas Love Field Airport, Intermountain 
Healthcare, Rush University Medical Center, Memphis Light & Gas, UL, Tyler Perry 
Studios. Stornoway Diamonds Corporation, Atrium Health, formerly Carolinas 
HealthCare System 

Corporate Sales Representative Autonomy - Interwoven, Inc. San Jose. CA  

Sold enterprise information management solution to corporate buyers, earning “Salesperson of 
the Year” award in 2008. Achieved President’s Club status in 2007 and 2008. 

● Consistently exceeded corporate sales and lead generation goals, achieving 173% of 
sales lead generation quota (36 per quarter) from Q1 2006 to Q3 2010. 

● Built and maintained relationships with customers, influence long-term strategic 
direction, acting as trusted advisor; results equaled $2.5m in pipeline growth. 

● Teamed with two outside account executives to cold call and qualify new business 
opportunities. 
Key Accounts:​ Michelin, Wyndam International Resorts, Delta, Southwest Airlines, 
Lowe's, Humana 

 
Additional Experience 
Google Corporation, Contractor/Recruiter & Candidate Developer, Mountain View, CA 
Recruited and mentored new-hire software engineers; generated 60-75 outbound recruiting calls per 
day. 

 
EDUCATION 

Bachelor of Arts, Broadcasting Communication, California State University, Chico, CA 
Associate of Arts, Telecommunications, Butte Community College, Oroville, CA  


 
SKILLS 

● Sales Strategies 
● Key Account Development 
● Enterprise Software 
● Business Development 

● Lead Generation 
● Website Optimization 
● Social Media Marketing 
● Team Development 

 
 


